-----
And I have a feeling it's going to be a really interesting series. It's about an intergalactic police force. And this story is so weird. There's
-----

And I have a feeling it's going to be a really interesting series. It's about an intergalactic police force. And this story is so weird. There's  really a lot of weirdness in that. I haven't read the book yet, but I think it's going to be a really interesting set up.

Will there be different stories of the four-part, "Lost in Space"? Or, will there be a new, separate story?

As a whole, this is about how you go from a family of two to a family of three and so on. This is kind of about how you connect with your family. There's a certain feeling to what's going on, and it's all really about that connection to your own culture and the community of people you've built with that. There's something about the family that feels very, very small in this. You can be connected to other people, and the people you're closest to.

When did you start working on the show, and did you decide to do it yourself, and would you be able to talk to you directly?

Well, in the beginning, I had really little of an idea how the characters would fit into the universe that was in my mind at the time, and that felt a bit weird to me. But eventually I started realizing that there was so much you could do with all four of them
---- really a lot of weirdness in that. I haven't read the book yet, but I think it's going to be a really interesting set up.

Will there be different stories of the four-part, "Lost in Space"? Or, will there be a new, separate story?

As a whole, this is about how you go from a family of two to a family of three and so on. This is kind of about how you connect with your family. There's a certain feeling to what's going on, and it's all really about that connection to your own culture and the community of people you've built with that. There's something about the family that feels very, very small in this. You can be connected to other people, and the people you're closest to.

When did you start working on the show, and did you decide to do it yourself, and would you be able to talk to you directly?

Well, in the beginning, I had really little of an idea how the characters would fit into the universe that was in my mind at the time, and that felt a bit weird to me. But eventually I started realizing that there was so much you could do with all four of them , and then one of them was like, "You're so amazing! You're so awesome!" It was like, "Oh no, I'm crazy!" But I knew that there would be different stories to do and that my first two books were going to take some time and I thought it would make sense to do something with them.

Advertisement

I can't really speak for your own work, but I guess you've had to learn to do that for a long time.

Yeah, and I think that there will be a lot of stuff I haven't written yet, and I can't do that yet.

But we're already getting in the spirit of "Who's Your Mama" — we're already starting to use that. We're starting to talk about the role that your mother played in your life. How does it affect you at the same time?

I think it's going to be all about my grandmother. She helped me in a lot of ways.

You have this huge and very interesting father figure in your family. What kind of significance do you have for that father figure?

I think it's going to be really great. I think it will be a huge tribute to my dad

---

-------



