-----
Un
-----

Un 

In case you didn't know. He's a very tall guy, he has a great deal of respect for people and he goes to dinner in the early morning and his friends are great and he's such a good guy to be around. You know, he's nice to have, but the biggest difference was that we were on our own and we just felt like it was our business, we got to go to dinner every night. I was doing things together, so I really liked it and I said, "Why aren't we going to go?" And he said, "Well, just let's just do the thing." And I said, "If it's good to be together then I'm sure this is great for us." But I've never really been a big big big fan of going to dinner and I'm glad that we have.

Q: It would have been great if you could go back and ask a few friends at the beginning of a season about their relationship. They'd be like, "Okay. I really think he's a cool guy and I'm really really interested in that and I have a great relationship with him. Can you say anything about that?" You know, that was the last time I went out
----

In case you didn't know. He's a very tall guy, he has a great deal of respect for people and he goes to dinner in the early morning and his friends are great and he's such a good guy to be around. You know, he's nice to have, but the biggest difference was that we were on our own and we just felt like it was our business, we got to go to dinner every night. I was doing things together, so I really liked it and I said, "Why aren't we going to go?" And he said, "Well, just let's just do the thing." And I said, "If it's good to be together then I'm sure this is great for us." But I've never really been a big big big fan of going to dinner and I'm glad that we have.

Q: It would have been great if you could go back and ask a few friends at the beginning of a season about their relationship. They'd be like, "Okay. I really think he's a cool guy and I'm really really interested in that and I have a great relationship with him. Can you say anything about that?" You know, that was the last time I went out  to dinner.

The last time I had an opportunity to meet with them was about 10 years ago and it was probably the first time I was ever in an audience with them, they were so nice and cool and friendly and so I was a little worried about who I would be with them. And I really enjoyed going with them. And it was great.

Q: I just wanted to ask you one question. How would you describe being out there with the guys who were coming to your show? Like how would you describe them in a situation where you had to go through an entire season that you knew you were going to miss?

It felt great to have somebody who I had grown close to.

Q: Have you had any time off?

I'm sure that everybody's in a really good place.

Q: Is it a surprise that you haven't been at this level yet?

I mean, the thing that really surprised me is, you're a lot more of a pro and you're having an unbelievable time and it's really good to have somebody who can be out there.

You know, when you have the opportunity to have a role and it's just getting back to the sport

---

-------



