-----
the penguins shivered
-----

the penguins shivered  in anger.

"And if they get all over us again," the penguins cried out as the water was slowly turning red, "and we die, we die, and we die," the cry went on to say, "it's over." The penguins went back to their homes, and in two hours the whole country and all the countries in the world will be filled with red, swollen, hungry penguins. We will never be able to enjoy the summertime with the penguins again. The world is going to lose it.

What happened in my little town is going to be much worse. There are going to be lots of angry penguins and I will die. That's going to be very real to us. I don't know how long I'm going to be able to be able to live without me. And I'm going to die. We must come together. I'm going to have the courage to say the words that we believe are going to change the future of my people. And I'm going to be there.

"I'm going to remember this as if it were a thousand words. Because I'm going to feel the same way. You know what I mean? I'm going to feel
---- in anger.

"And if they get all over us again," the penguins cried out as the water was slowly turning red, "and we die, we die, and we die," the cry went on to say, "it's over." The penguins went back to their homes, and in two hours the whole country and all the countries in the world will be filled with red, swollen, hungry penguins. We will never be able to enjoy the summertime with the penguins again. The world is going to lose it.

What happened in my little town is going to be much worse. There are going to be lots of angry penguins and I will die. That's going to be very real to us. I don't know how long I'm going to be able to be able to live without me. And I'm going to die. We must come together. I'm going to have the courage to say the words that we believe are going to change the future of my people. And I'm going to be there.

"I'm going to remember this as if it were a thousand words. Because I'm going to feel the same way. You know what I mean? I'm going to feel  this moment, in my own experience and my own words, I'm going to feel, the same way. But it's just not happening. It's just not happening."

So thank you to all those who came out and said, oh, thank you for making it happen for us. And I want you to remember my words:

"Please remember me. I can't wait to go back on my promise to you. I've got to stay on my promise. I've got to make my name known. I've got to put my life into this business. I've got to do it because I know you love me, and I know it will take my heart out."

Thank you to all who brought you this year's message and those who took it forward. And we will be forever grateful to those who've left a place like this, to those who've inspired you to do this, and to all who made you think, 'oh my gosh, what a dream, to be so proud and happy,' and you and I will become better people.

And lastly, thank you to those who sent you messages that were so heartwarming and uplifting, and that gave us hope. And, as

---

-------



