-----
The Snowmen are watching.
-----

The Snowmen are watching.  There's no longer much that's going on in there. They've lost their magic. They've been reduced to mere monsters, as if there's no way anyone could survive them. It's a horror."

It was not difficult to figure out how much of the snow had fallen on Snowman. Even so, he did not know what to say, and his gaze landed on his shoulders, unable to control the tears he was beginning to run down. He must have tried to cry. The Snowmen were not strong enough to resist the blow that had hit their leader. But even so, he did not understand why there was no way around it. After this death sentence, Snowman's magic might have been so powerful that if a strong person could make it to the top of the Snowman Ice Climbers List, he should be able to escape the Snowmen's grasp.

"Thank you."

The Snowmen, who felt they were receiving special treatment as members of their species, did not even have the decency to go through with the death sentence. They were no longer in the world of Snowmen, and it was likely that they could not return to their natural form. But this was only the beginning of their struggles with
---- There's no longer much that's going on in there. They've lost their magic. They've been reduced to mere monsters, as if there's no way anyone could survive them. It's a horror."

It was not difficult to figure out how much of the snow had fallen on Snowman. Even so, he did not know what to say, and his gaze landed on his shoulders, unable to control the tears he was beginning to run down. He must have tried to cry. The Snowmen were not strong enough to resist the blow that had hit their leader. But even so, he did not understand why there was no way around it. After this death sentence, Snowman's magic might have been so powerful that if a strong person could make it to the top of the Snowman Ice Climbers List, he should be able to escape the Snowmen's grasp.

"Thank you."

The Snowmen, who felt they were receiving special treatment as members of their species, did not even have the decency to go through with the death sentence. They were no longer in the world of Snowmen, and it was likely that they could not return to their natural form. But this was only the beginning of their struggles with  the people and Snowmen they were fighting.

When the Snowmen were no longer there, Snowman could not wait to leave.

"A long time ago, I became aware of the existence of a beast called Snowman. The person who caused the Snowmen to be defeated. When I returned from hiding at the time, we were told that Snowman had come to this world. I'm quite certain it was Snowman, and that he had been killed by one of the Snowmen. If you were to look at the body of this Snowman, you could be sure that he was not the Snowman that would have turned up when I arrived. Now that I know of Snowman's whereabouts, we must find out why he went back home."

He would have to admit that he did not see that Snowman in the slightest. He had become quite aware of their existence long ago, and he had seen several instances where he had seen such a place.

If he had gone to the Snowmen for the first time in a long time, he would undoubtedly have come into conflict with them and end up being taken in a pit, surrounded by monsters. It was quite easy to take them into the same place,

---

-------



