-----
I can't feel the heat in your ass, like a sunflower on the cobblestone street.
-----

I can't feel the heat in your ass, like a sunflower on the cobblestone street.  You're getting really hot, even in your underwear, and you're probably not gonna feel it any better if you let that go," she said. "That was a really good night."

A friend and I were having a talk about some women on Grindr, a site that's popular enough that we're still trying to find a number of its users. There was a woman who said she'd been sexually harassed by a man for years, but in that conversation, she'd never heard of the site, so I tried her out, trying to figure out what her experience with it was like. She said she never saw any kind of response, and that she felt unsafe.

But her experience wasn't about making a fuss. It was about finding a way to make it out that way. I can't go into the details, because my best friend is afraid to come out.

I didn't feel safe, however. I could hear the occasional clink of light coming from the door. I could hear her trying to push open the window. I knew she was scared of me, but I didn't want to take it. I felt as if I couldn't control what was going on. I couldn't.

I was afraid, I said, because I felt unsafe. I was afraid of being seen as something like an idiot and taking the heat, and that's part of being a woman. We were talking about a man who is not an asshole, and we knew that, so we were both thinking about
---- You're getting really hot, even in your underwear, and you're probably not gonna feel it any better if you let that go," she said. "That was a really good night."

A friend and I were having a talk about some women on Grindr, a site that's popular enough that we're still trying to find a number of its users. There was a woman who said she'd been sexually harassed by a man for years, but in that conversation, she'd never heard of the site, so I tried her out, trying to figure out what her experience with it was like. She said she never saw any kind of response, and that she felt unsafe.

But her experience wasn't about making a fuss. It was about finding a way to make it out that way. I can't go into the details, because my best friend is afraid to come out.

I didn't feel safe, however. I could hear the occasional clink of light coming from the door. I could hear her trying to push open the window. I knew she was scared of me, but I didn't want to take it. I felt as if I couldn't control what was going on. I couldn't.

I was afraid, I said, because I felt unsafe. I was afraid of being seen as something like an idiot and taking the heat, and that's part of being a woman. We were talking about a man who is not an asshole, and we knew that, so we were both thinking about  how we could help him to understand his own safety.

But I was a little afraid of being seen as a big guy. Because even when I was in a relationship, even when I was in a relationship and had been a woman for almost a decade now, I still felt like I needed to get comfortable. There was no guarantee that I'd be a good girl, but I felt more confident about my own safety.

Because even when I was in a relationship, even when I was in a relationship and had been a woman for almost a decade now, I still felt like I needed to get comfortable. There was no guarantee that I'd be a good girl, but I felt more confident about my own safety.

After my first date with a man who I liked, I thought, I don't have to do this anymore. But then there was something else. I felt a slight feeling of anxiety about not seeing women. It was like getting a feeling of isolation and feeling like we're in a trap.

My boyfriend, for example, had told me about a woman he'd met on Grindr and she was really worried. It wasn't until I asked if he'd really seen her, I was afraid. I never had an answer. I was worried that he'd been too preoccupied with that.

But for some people it's easier to feel like you're being watched. It's hard to feel like they've been watched. You have to know when they've come, even though they're talking

---

-------



