-----
But you shall understand that these 19 Calls are the Calls, or entrances into the knowledge of the mystical Tables. Every Table containing one whole leaf, whereunto you need no other circumstances.
-----

But you shall understand that these 19 Calls are the Calls, or entrances into the knowledge of the mystical Tables. Every Table containing one whole leaf, whereunto you need no other circumstances. 

These are not the calls of the devil. He must use them for their own ends, to cause His people to suffer. He must send them by the mouth of Satan, to destroy or destroy the life of every one of them, according to His Word.

These are the Callings of the devil, and the things that he calls His people. I say those are not the words of the devil, but of the spirits of Heber, and the revelations which they seek. All the same are the mysteries that the demons are able to uncover, according to the truth of the Word of God. And what the devil says to the spirits of Heber, is plain enough:

And when He shall have taken them from the children of men, behold! the Lord is with you! the Lord of the whole world, and with all the nations of the earth. [Isaiah 31:28-29]

God made this world in His own image. He gave His people a place where their hearts would not rest. Where, when they were hungry, they ate of what was to be eaten, and there in the night were to be found every one who looked upon the Tree of the Knowledge of all things, and that
----

These are not the calls of the devil. He must use them for their own ends, to cause His people to suffer. He must send them by the mouth of Satan, to destroy or destroy the life of every one of them, according to His Word.

These are the Callings of the devil, and the things that he calls His people. I say those are not the words of the devil, but of the spirits of Heber, and the revelations which they seek. All the same are the mysteries that the demons are able to uncover, according to the truth of the Word of God. And what the devil says to the spirits of Heber, is plain enough:

And when He shall have taken them from the children of men, behold! the Lord is with you! the Lord of the whole world, and with all the nations of the earth. [Isaiah 31:28-29]

God made this world in His own image. He gave His people a place where their hearts would not rest. Where, when they were hungry, they ate of what was to be eaten, and there in the night were to be found every one who looked upon the Tree of the Knowledge of all things, and that  he might do good unto them.

And in that day God gave them what they sought. And when they had been made, they found Him, for He made the earth his own by His own creation.

Now this is the work of God, which He has done in His own image. If you are sick or you are a stranger, go and seek Him out. If you are afraid, ask Him out. If you do not see him in your sight, turn to God and find Him, the God of our Lord Jesus Christ. [Titus 5:11-12]

God the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit,

The Father is the light,

The Son is the knowledge,

The Holy Spirit is the light,

And the Holy Ghost is the light,

And all things are in the world. Amen.

Now let us go and look for Christ. There is a man named Tabor, who said, "I would take you out of all the world, for I would bring you to Christ."

"Lord," said he, "what do you know?"

"I know not. For the world is the shadow, and all things are

---

-------



