-----
CROWN OF TWELVE PILLARS
-----

CROWN OF TWELVE PILLARS , CA - MAY 16: U.S. Army A-10 Thunderbolt IV Thunderbolt II aircraft land near Cushing, Mo., May 16, 2016. The aircraft were one of two F-16's deployed in the air in Afghanistan that have been destroyed during airstrikes in recent days. REUTERS/Rick Wilking

At about 9 p.m. (1440 GMT), the US military and the National Guard were ordered to evacuate as the aircraft were taking off, the Pentagon said. A "minor malfunction" at the runway had resulted in an F-16 and a F-22, the NHC said.

The helicopter landed in a field near the town of Camp Green, about 10 miles (15 km) northwest of the Taliban-controlled town of Bagram.

The U.S. military's second-in-command has been in Afghanistan since February and the Afghan war-making efforts in the region were focused on recapturing the last major U.S. airbase there.

"It is critical to keep that in mind as we make further efforts in the coming days, weeks and months in trying to make this situation worse," said Lt. Col. Thomas N. Eisner, a US Air Force spokesman.
----, CA - MAY 16: U.S. Army A-10 Thunderbolt IV Thunderbolt II aircraft land near Cushing, Mo., May 16, 2016. The aircraft were one of two F-16's deployed in the air in Afghanistan that have been destroyed during airstrikes in recent days. REUTERS/Rick Wilking

At about 9 p.m. (1440 GMT), the US military and the National Guard were ordered to evacuate as the aircraft were taking off, the Pentagon said. A "minor malfunction" at the runway had resulted in an F-16 and a F-22, the NHC said.

The helicopter landed in a field near the town of Camp Green, about 10 miles (15 km) northwest of the Taliban-controlled town of Bagram.

The U.S. military's second-in-command has been in Afghanistan since February and the Afghan war-making efforts in the region were focused on recapturing the last major U.S. airbase there.

"It is critical to keep that in mind as we make further efforts in the coming days, weeks and months in trying to make this situation worse," said Lt. Col. Thomas N. Eisner, a US Air Force spokesman.  "We have been in touch with the American people, and they are being informed."

A second U.S. jet, this time with less than 100 crew, was also destroyed during a ground mission to take out Taliban fighters, according to The Associated Press.

The U.S. has a limited capability in Afghanistan to attack insurgents but has carried out its first attack since November 2012, after the Taliban seized the airport where they seized the F-16.

A second U.S. fighter jet also took out Taliban fighters with an A-10, but they didn't explode.

An American soldier on a ground combat mission was killed and two others were wounded when a Taliban fighter opened fire on his U.S. aircraft, a Pentagon spokesman said.

The Pentagon also said it was sending an aircraft to take out insurgents from a base in the northern province of Kunar.

A statement from the United States said there were no U.S. casualties in a U.S.-led operation to retake the province, the first U.S. military strike against Taliban militants since January.<|endoftext|>The video will start in 8 Cancel

Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have

---

-------



