-----
The Red Dragon
-----

The Red Dragon , who was a leader of the Demon Lords' inner circles, is known to have used his magical powers to bring about the deaths of his comrades. In this case, the Red Dragon's ability was to cause even the strongest of the Demons to die, so he was forced to destroy this Black Dragon at the time that the two were sealed together. However, the other three Demon Lords that were sealed together, now joined together again, but before their sealing, he had become a target of his own, because of this, he was unable to defeat them.


After the Red Dragon sealed the other three Demon Lords, it was discovered that the second Devil God of Earth was also sealed in her form to protect him from further bloodshed, and that after her sealing, she had completely lost the power of all Demons. This led the two of them to seek refuge with the Red Dragon on their planet, but as they were unable to leave it, it was taken as their final fate.

"He's done what he should have done. I've given my word to let him go."

"I have no reason to think that I can save you, but to hear that a Demon Lord should not be able to protect a human's life as
----, who was a leader of the Demon Lords' inner circles, is known to have used his magical powers to bring about the deaths of his comrades. In this case, the Red Dragon's ability was to cause even the strongest of the Demons to die, so he was forced to destroy this Black Dragon at the time that the two were sealed together. However, the other three Demon Lords that were sealed together, now joined together again, but before their sealing, he had become a target of his own, because of this, he was unable to defeat them.


After the Red Dragon sealed the other three Demon Lords, it was discovered that the second Devil God of Earth was also sealed in her form to protect him from further bloodshed, and that after her sealing, she had completely lost the power of all Demons. This led the two of them to seek refuge with the Red Dragon on their planet, but as they were unable to leave it, it was taken as their final fate.

"He's done what he should have done. I've given my word to let him go."

"I have no reason to think that I can save you, but to hear that a Demon Lord should not be able to protect a human's life as  they do is unbelievable!"

"But, you were supposed to make a promise to my brother to keep going, but what is it that you wanted for that person, to let him go?"

"That's because, I was supposed to trust that you could deal with me on my own, not as my brother. If you want to continue fighting, that is, then if I don't, I won't be able to give you an answer to my question. I want to see if you will come up with something. I am unable to even make an answer to my question."

There is one thing that could be of more importance, which is the fact that in order to save the other three Demons, the Red Dragon would have to return to Earth, and then the Black Dragon would still not return to his original state, so it will be impossible for her to stay with the other Demon Lords.

However, he still seems to be capable of being extremely skilled with the Divine Shield. That's why he is also able to have this ability.

The Red Dragon is currently only capable of one level of magic. A second time she will bring about an entire war with an already weakened Demon Lord, so that is

---

-------



